>> Kent C. Dodds: Before
we get into that exercise,
there's one other thing
that I wanted to mention,
is with jest you can actually configure
how these snapshots are being serialized
using custom snapshot serializers.
And so, the custom snapshot serializer
can take what jest wants to snapshot,
and based off of some information,
it can remove things.
I can say hey,
I don't wanna ever show h2s.
Or if you're doing a CLI and
it prints out the full path to something,
you can actually swap that out for
project route or whatever, so
it works on your friend's computer or
whatever.
But another thing that you
can do with snapshots,
you'll notice that when you do
your snapshot for the log in,
is if you're using CSS and JS,
then all of the CSS that's being
generated as you're rendering things out,
will live in memory somewhere.
In our case, we're using glamorous.
And so the snapshot serializer can say,
hey, glamour,
what's the CSS you would have generated
if we were running in a real browser?
It will give that to you and you can say,
okay, based off of what's in the rendered
DOM, I'm going to insert that
CSS above the rendered DOM.
So you'll see that in your snapshot
that it not only includes the HTML,
but also the CSS that would be rendered,
which is just like what?
Very cool, very, very cool.
So you'll see that when you're doing this.
And because you want to know
about configuration and
stuff, that's actually pretty simple.
Snapshot serializers, and
you pass the names of modules.
There's one for stout components,
actually this one's based on the stout
components one and there are various other
serializers that can be pretty handy.
Okay, cool.
So let's go ahead and
get running with npm run test:client.
>> Kent C. Dodds: And
then go to step-4.todo and
scroll down to this snapshot test.